What is the grass doing?
The arson happened for so many days
I haven't seen you break it either.
Nonsense, an arson case, I still don't like it
If I want to solve a case, I will also solve a big one.
So ambitious
Since you are so powerful
Why not go to Dali Temple?
Instead, he wants to stay in this academy
That's my business.
How do I do it?
It's not up to a pariah to tell you what to do
Brother Zhao
If you came today just to humiliate my husband
Then please get out of here, you are not welcome
Husband
Junior sister, you actually call him husband
Are you crazy?
He's just a piece of crap
Could it be that my Zheng family is no better than a Qin family?
It's not what happened to our Qin family?
Make it clear to me.
shut up
There is no place for you to speak between me and my sister-in-law
A toad wants to eat swan meat too
Don't look at your own virtues
Enough Zhengqing
I respect you as a senior brother
If you hide from others
Don't blame Junior Sister for being rude to you
Hey junior sister
How can he be worthy of you?
Why don't you understand my brother's painstaking efforts?
No need, senior brother, if you really have this heart
It's better to hold on to the soil
Red grass stop
Why are you still stopping me, Qingfeng?
If you were a man, stand up and despise me
Whoever loses gets out
Hahahaha
Good idea.
I didn't expect this to happen once in a while
How could such an interesting thing happen?
What are you?
What's the matter with you when we readers talk?
Get out